net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutChat                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatMutableComponent             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatMutableComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutChat                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutChat                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutChat                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
