net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier$Operation       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier$Operation
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier$Operation       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier$Operation
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/inventory/CraftItemStack        -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ItemStack                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ItemStack                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ItemStack                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ItemStack                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ItemStack                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumHand                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumHand
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftServer                     -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftServer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftServer                     -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutWorldParticles       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutWorldParticles
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftParticle                   -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftParticle
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ParticleParam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ParticleParam
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutWorldParticles       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutWorldParticles
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ParticleParam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ParticleParam
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftVillager            -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftVillager
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftVillager            -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftVillager
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftVillager            -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftVillager
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftVillager            -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftVillager
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_16_R1/util/CraftChatMessage           -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/util/CraftChatMessage
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_16_R1/util/CraftChatMessage           -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/util/CraftChatMessage
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutChat                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatComponentText                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatComponentText                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutChat                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/IChatBaseComponent                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChatMessageType                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatMessageType
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutChat                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ChatComponentText                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/PacketPlayOutChat                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutChat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/IChatBaseComponent                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IChatBaseComponent
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/inventory/CraftItemStack         -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/inventory/CraftItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/ItemStack                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ItemStack
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Item                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Item
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier$Operation       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier$Operation
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier$Operation       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier$Operation
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/GenericAttributes                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/GenericAttributes
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/GenericAttributes                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/GenericAttributes
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagByte                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagByte                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByte                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByte                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagShort                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagShort                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagShort                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagShort                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagInt                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagInt                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagInt                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagInt                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagLong                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagLong                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagLong                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagLong                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagFloat                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagFloat                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagFloat                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagFloat                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagDouble                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagDouble                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagDouble                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagDouble                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByteArray                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByteArray                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagIntArray                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagIntArray                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagString                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/NBTTagString                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagString                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagString                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTBase                           -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NBTBase                           -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/NBTBase                           -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/NBTTagList                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/NBTBase                           -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTBase                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTBase
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagCompound                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagCompound
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagString                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagString                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagDouble                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagDouble                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagInt                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagInt                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagFloat                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagFloat                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagShort                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagShort                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagLong                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagLong                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByte                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByte                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagIntArray                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagIntArray                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByteArray                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByteArray                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByteArray
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_14_R1/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/AxisAlignedBB                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AxisAlignedBB
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Vec3D                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Vec3D
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Vec3D                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Vec3D
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/AxisAlignedBB                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AxisAlignedBB
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Vec3D                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Vec3D
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PlayerConnection                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PlayerConnection
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PlayerConnection                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PlayerConnection
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Packet                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Packet
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftPlayer              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PlayerConnection                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PlayerConnection
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/PlayerConnection                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PlayerConnection
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Packet                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Packet
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/entity/CraftEntity              -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftEntity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Entity                            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Entity
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EntityTypes                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityTypes
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkProviderServer               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkProviderServer               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/WorldServer                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/WorldServer                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/EnumSkyBlock                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_9_R2/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkProviderServer               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkProviderServer               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkProviderServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/entity/CraftPlayer               -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_8_R3/entity/CraftPlayer               -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/entity/CraftPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/EntityPlayer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftWorld                      -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftWorld
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/EntityPlayer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/EntityPlayer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/World                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/EntityPlayer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/EntityPlayer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/World                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/BlockPosition                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/Chunk                              -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/LightEngine                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngine
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/LightEngine                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngine
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngine                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngine
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutLightUpdate
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngine                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngine
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/PacketPlayOutMapChunk             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutMapChunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/PacketPlayOutMapChunk             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutMapChunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/IRegistry                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Enchantment                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Enchantment
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/Enchantment                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Enchantment
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MobEffectList                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MobEffectList
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MobEffectList                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MobEffectList
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MobEffectList                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MobEffectList
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/CommandDispatcher                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/CommandDispatcher
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/CommandDispatcher                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/CommandDispatcher
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/CommandListenerWrapper            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/CommandListenerWrapper
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/CommandListenerWrapper            -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/CommandListenerWrapper
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/command/BukkitCommandWrapper    -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/command/BukkitCommandWrapper
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftServer                     -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftServer
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/command/BukkitCommandWrapper    -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/command/BukkitCommandWrapper
org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_13_R2/CraftServer                     -> org/bukkit/craftbukkit/v1_12_R1/CraftServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/ArgumentRegistry                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ArgumentRegistry
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_13_R2/MinecraftKey                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/MinecraftKey
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EntityPlayer                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EntityPlayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldDataServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldDataServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldDataServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldDataServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldServer                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldDataServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldDataServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R1/WorldDataServer                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldDataServer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/World                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/World                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/World                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/World                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/World
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/WorldData                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/WorldData
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/Chunk                             -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/Chunk
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChunkCoordIntPair
net/minecraft/server/v1_15_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ThreadedMailbox                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ThreadedMailbox
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ThreadedMailbox                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ThreadedMailbox
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/ThreadedMailbox                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ThreadedMailbox
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineBlock                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineBlock                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NibbleArray                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NibbleArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineSky                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineSky
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineSky                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineSky
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/SectionPosition                   -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/SectionPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/NibbleArray                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NibbleArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineStorage                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineStorage
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineStorage                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineStorage
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineGraph                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineGraph
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/BlockPosition                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/BlockPosition
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayer                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayer
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineThreaded               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineThreaded
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/EnumSkyBlock                      -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumSkyBlock
net/minecraft/server/v1_14_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/LightEngineLayerEventListener
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/AttributeModifier                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/AttributeModifier
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagString                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagString
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagDouble                       -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagDouble
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagInt                          -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagInt
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagFloat                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagFloat
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagShort                        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagShort
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagLong                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagLong
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByte                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByte
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagIntArray                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagIntArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagByteArray                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagByteArray
net/minecraft/server/v1_8_R3/NBTTagList                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/NBTTagList
