net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardDisplayObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/IScoreboardCriteria$EnumScoreboardHealthDisplay
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective                -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardObjective
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush                 -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumTeamPush
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/EnumChatFormat                                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumChatFormat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/EnumChatFormat                                  -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/EnumChatFormat
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility        -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardTeamBase$EnumNameTagVisibility
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ChatComponentText                               -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ChatComponentText
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam                     -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/ScoreboardServer$Action                         -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/ScoreboardServer$Action
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
net/minecraft/server/v1_16_R3/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore                    -> net/minecraft/server/v1_12_R1/PacketPlayOutScoreboardScore
